How is Miss Lin? Did you find it?
No, I can't find it.
Ready to enter Pingcheng
Miss Lin was not found
Where has this living person gone?
Find it, hurry up
Uncle Commander
The appointed time with the city lord is almost up
Let's go first
What about Sister Jingyun?
I didn't see Sister Jingyun when I came
I have sent someone to patrol
Not found
What's the matter I doubt
Jingyun may have been tied up
What Jingyun was kidnapped?
Who is so bold?
Dare to fly fish in shrewd castle man
Don't worry, I will definitely find someone for you.
I'm not worried about that.
But I suspect the person who tied up Jingyun
Really inviting
Threatening you to say that, you know who it is
During this time, I have been investigating in the boutique city
Information about the man who sells tobacco
Some time ago
Qin Yumei was rescued from the city's mansions
I suspect it was the man who did it.
Any suspects?
I do have a suspect
And that person
Right next to me